README.md, before:

#Plugins for Gephi  

License for all plugins: [GPL v3](https://github.com/seinecle/My-Plugins-for-Gephi/blob/master/gpl-3.0.txt)

In this repository are listed the plugins I created for Gephi. See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/) for the ready-to-use versions of these plugins.

##1. Alphabetical Sorter (2012)
This plugin is helpful to neatly sort and put apart isolated nodes floating around, before an export to SVG or PNG.  
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/alphabetical-sorter/) for details.  


##2. Force Atlas 3D (2013)

Force Atlas 2 is a layout for Gephi created by Mathieu Jacomy et al., scalable to 10,000 nodes and more.  
Force Atlas *3D* extends it to 3 dimensions instead of 2.  
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/force-atlas-3d/) for details.  

##3. Maps of Countries (2013)

Take a country, continent or the entire world map and display in with Gephi. Useful to serve as a background for geolocalized networks.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/maps-of-countries/) for details.  


##4. Excel / csv converter to network (2013)

Import an Excel spreadsheet or csv file into Gephi, and creates networks based on co-occurrences in each line of the file. Can also create dynamic networks since version 1.4.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/excel-csv-converter-to-network/) for details.

##5. Give color to your nodes (2013)

Reads a node attribute that contains RGB or #hex values, and colors nodes accordingly.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/give-color-to-nodes/) for details.

##6. Scientometrics Overlay Toolkit (2013)
Overlays bibliographical references onto a map of science, a la [Loet Leydesdorf et al](http://www.leydesdorff.net/overlaytoolkit/).  
This plugin works but is not finalized. Not available on the Gephi Marketplace, but please do contact me if you'd need to use it.


##7. Gephi Similarity Computer (2014)
Creates a network based on the similarity between entities. Reads a csv file containing a list of entities with their features, and creates a network that is directly imported into Gephi.  
[See the Gephi Marketplace for details](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/similarity-computer/).  

###Citing any of these plugins in a publication
Please reference these plugins in your publications when making use of them. Citation format is:  
Levallois, Clement [year of release of the plugin]. [Plugin name], Plugins-For-Gephi, DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11812    
*Example:*  
Levallois, Clement (2013). Excel/csv converter to network, Plugins-For-Gephi, DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11812  
  
Any feedback, feature requests and bug reports are welcome!  
Please open an issue here on Github or contact me through http://www.clementlevallois.net

Commit message:

added "Give Colors To Edges"

README.md, after:

#Plugins for Gephi  

License for all plugins: [GPL v3](https://github.com/seinecle/My-Plugins-for-Gephi/blob/master/gpl-3.0.txt)

In this repository are listed the plugins I created for Gephi. See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/) for the ready-to-use versions of these plugins.

##1. Alphabetical Sorter (2012)
This plugin is helpful to neatly sort and put apart isolated nodes floating around, before an export to SVG or PNG.  
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/alphabetical-sorter/) for details.  


##2. Force Atlas 3D (2013)

Force Atlas 2 is a layout for Gephi created by Mathieu Jacomy et al., scalable to 10,000 nodes and more.  
Force Atlas *3D* extends it to 3 dimensions instead of 2.  
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/force-atlas-3d/) for details.  

##3. Maps of Countries (2013)

Take a country, continent or the entire world map and display in with Gephi. Useful to serve as a background for geolocalized networks.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/maps-of-countries/) for details.  


##4. Excel / csv converter to network (2013)

Import an Excel spreadsheet or csv file into Gephi, and creates networks based on co-occurrences in each line of the file. Can also create dynamic networks since version 1.4.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/excel-csv-converter-to-network/) for details.

##5. Give color to your nodes (2013)

Reads a node attribute that contains RGB or #hex values, and colors nodes accordingly.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/give-color-to-nodes/) for details.

##6. Scientometrics Overlay Toolkit (2013)

Overlays bibliographical references onto a map of science, a la [Loet Leydesdorf et al](http://www.leydesdorff.net/overlaytoolkit/).  
This plugin works but is not finalized. Not available on the Gephi Marketplace, but please do contact me if you'd need to use it.

##7. Gephi Similarity Computer (2014)

Creates a network based on the similarity between entities. Reads a csv file containing a list of entities with their features, and creates a network that is directly imported into Gephi.  
[See the Gephi Marketplace for details](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/similarity-computer/).  

##8. Give colors to your edges (2015)

Reads an edge attribute that contains RGB or #hex values, and colors edges accordingly.
See the [Gephi Marketplace](https://marketplace.gephi.org/plugin/give-colors-to-edges/) for details.

###Citing any of these plugins in a publication
Please reference these plugins in your publications when making use of them. Citation format is:  
Levallois, Clement [year of release of the plugin]. [Plugin name], Plugins-For-Gephi, DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11812    
*Example:*  
Levallois, Clement (2013). Excel/csv converter to network, Plugins-For-Gephi, DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11812  
  
Any feedback, feature requests and bug reports are welcome!  
Please open an issue here on Github or contact me through http://www.clementlevallois.net
